Added more info in web3model section about custom/wagmi connecters (#1104)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/web3modal/react/wagmi/about/implementation.mdx

  )
}
```
:::note
The provided code utilizes [Wagmi](https://wagmi.sh/), a React library for wallet and provider connections, along with the [Web3Modal](https://web3modal.com/) library to create a wallet connection modal. It features various connectors:

> 1. **WalletConnectConnector**: Enables cross-device wallet connections using the [WalletConnect](https://walletconnect.com/) provider, adhering to [EIP-1193](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1193).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **WalletConnectConnector**: Enables cross-device wallet connections using the WalletConnect protocol, adhering to [EIP-1193](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1193).
```

2. **EIP6963Connector**: Connects to wallets supporting the [EIP-6963](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-6963) standard, an Ethereum wallet extension specification.

3. **InjectedConnector**: Interfaces with browser wallet injections, e.g., MetaMask.

4. **CoinbaseWalletConnector**: Specifically for Coinbase Wallet.

> Additionally, there's a `publicProvider` for reading blockchain data through public nodes like Infura. The `WagmiConfig` component shares `wagmiConfig` with child components.

Reviewer: We could add here info about `walletConnectProvider` which has the same functionality as the public one but it's using the Blockchain API https://walletconnect-docs-git-fork-atreay-docs-walletconnect1.vercel.app/cloud/blockchain-api
